1. Describe the "kernel".
The kernel is a foundational part of the OS that manages the connections and access to the physical parts of the computer — CPU, I/O devices, memory, peripherals — on behalf of the OS, separate from direct user control.
2. What are the three main purposes of an operating system?
Operating Systems are in charge of executing user programs, making the computer system convenient to use for the user, and managing the computer hardware in an efficient manner.
3. Give two reasons why caches are useful.
Caches are useful for faster retrieval of data and instructions than accessing main memory, so they both improve processing speed while keeping costs down relative to speeding up the whole hard drive. 
4. Name and describe three kernel data structures.
Linked lists store chunks of data in a linear order, with each chunk containing a link to the next chunk. Binary search trees store numerical data sorted based on value to minimize search time. Hashmaps store data in one group, with each piece of data having a unique key to eliminate search processing time.
5. Describe the difference between policy and mechanism.
Policy is a goal, the thing that needs to be achieved, while mechanism is the system or process which will be implemented to achieve that goal.
6. Describe both Asymmetric and Symmetric Multiprocessing.
In Asymmetric multiprocessing, the Master processor performs OS tasks and sends other tasks to the slave processors, which do not communicate with each other. In Symmetric multiprocessing, all processors are equal, communicate, and share memory, and tasks all come from a queue by any ready processor.
7. What is the main advantage and disadvantages of the layered approach to system design?
A layered system is easier to build and debug, as you can narrow bugs down rapidly to a single layer, and can fix or change individual parts easily, but trade that for less efficient performance.
8. Describe a micro-kernel operating system structure.
Microkernels move most operations into the user space instead of the kernel. Communication takes place between user modules using message passing.
9. List five services provided by an operating system, and explain how each creates convenience for users.
The OS provides a UI so that the user can more easily use the computer instead of learning binary. The OS installs and runs programs, which lets a user work on multiple different things simultaneously and use software developed by others. An OS detects and handles errors so that if something goes wrong, the whole computer isn't instantly bricked. An OS handles I/O operations so that a user can use peripherals like a keyboard, mouse, speakers and disk drive. An OS provides security to prevent unauthorized access to the user's data.
10.Using Unix/POSIX operating system calls, write a command line statement that merges together two files into a new file, where the contents of the first file are concatenated with the contents of the second. These files do not have to "mesh".
cat file1 file2 > newfile
11.How are course grades determined?
Averaged grade of the 4 homeworks, following the University grade scale.
12.Describe what the Final Exam does.
The Final is optional, but can replace the lowest HW grade.
13.Which language must all programming assignments be written?
Java
14.When must a regrade request occur?
Within 1 week of the initial grading.
15.True or False. It is acceptable to work in groups on homework assignments. 
False
